=Ancient Bracelet=
=Episode 3=
=Would She Do That Once Asleep?=
Ying Du,
what's wrong with you?
Are you all right?
Your body's cold as ice.
I've never seen symptoms like this.
(Such grave wounds.)
(Did the Grand Princess punish him)
(for taking me away?)
(Or was he)
(hunted down when he escaped?)
Your wounds
are hidden beneath your clothes.
I'll help you
take off your clothes first,
so I can treat the surface injuries.
Don't touch me.
Stop right now.
Alright, stop moving around.
Zhaoli?
Weren't you trying to escape?
If they find you, you'll be in danger.
Hurry.
Here we go.
Zhaoli?
Are you here?
I've lived so many years;
no one has ever stuffed me
into a wardrobe.
Che,
you're finally back.
You've been away cultivating
for six years.
I've waited for you so long.
Still,
the moment you return,
you only care about finding Zhaoli.
Zhaoli is my betrothed.
Now that I'm back,
of course she's the first person
I wish to see.
He's your betrothed?
Quiet.
Che,
you don't know
Zhaoli has someone else now?
She says he's her husband.
They act quite close,
without any concern for others.
Zhaoli
is already married?
Yes.
Che,
perhaps Zhaoli is spending time
with her husband right now.
He seems to have deep feelings for you.
Do you feel the same for him?
Come on, I'll tell you
what happened today.
It was just a childhood game.
Nothing to take seriously.
You don't like him?
Then who is your husband?
What does that have to do with you?
Why are my wounds healed?
What's going on?
You can cast spells?
You can even heal wounds.
Who exactly are you?
Why are you so powerful?
And this bracelet...
You must know how to use it.
Right?
What are you doing?
Isn't this what you wanted?
Let me show you how it works.
Perfect!
Now I can finally find out
who the husband in my dreams is.
It might turn out
to be a destined match.
Dreams?
So, the husband you spoke of
never existed at all.
Even if it's just a dream,
I dream of it every single day.
That makes it real to me.
Besides, I've asked about it.
It's a foretelling dream.
It will surely happen.
I can't see a thing.
Let alone your foretelling dream.
Your past life must be complex.
Even the Bracelet can't read you.
Why would this happen?
(Is she disheartened?)
(Why can she)
(take away my Frost Seal)
(and share a spiritual link with me?)
(Is it a mere coincidence,)
(or is she connected)
(to the Saintess Xihe I'm looking for?)
Your Majesty.
(Luo Cheng, Ying Du's aide)
She took your Frost Seal.
It's draining your power.
The Curse has worsened.
His entire body feels like ice.
It might be a cold poison.
Isn't Flame Grass said
to counter cold poisons?
Flame Grass.
It's a highly toxic herb,
growing near the roots
of the old pagoda tree.
If picked improperly,
one could easily
lose
one's life.
Too dangerous.
Should I go or not?
Maybe I shouldn't go.
Your Majesty, let's return.
If anything happens to you here...
I'll stay until the Frost Seal
is recovered.
Bring all my belongings here.
- But...
- Enough.
(Given the situation,)
(I'm afraid I must kill that healer.)
(Only then can the ruler
reclaim the Frost Seal)
(and restore his power.)
This woman...
She's actually...
(Dreaming of her husband again.)
(Would she do that once asleep?)
(Even I start feeling stirred
because of her.)
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪One more glance may let love♪
♪Stand still♪